remove life and case from transformer gate sample

pith printing/parsing is broken. round trips through pate can be lossy
for the %pith case

idea: work on serializing $data to tarball

big issue with rendering reactively.
we don't get notified when the code tree changes.
which means we might need to scry everything all the time.

  maybe there's a gall subscription to subscribe to code changes
  that is available locally only. i'm not sure.

  /home/raw -> the subtree of home's raw data

idea: delete meta if no subdata and all lifes below are 0

bug: nonlink views don't get their transformers cached

before attempting to optimize the acer engine, test it fully

transformer cache stores a (set pith) of refs so that it
can remove caches once no views are installing from it anymore

idea: inherited metadata. it's cumbersome to make a full subtree available over http

mirror remote faucets via grow
- calculate indexes and publish them
- the acer tracks which mirrors exist.
- the acer optimizes by only holding the shortest
  mirror path necessary. so that it can use /[remote]/some/path
  as the real data tree.

idea:
a thread can construct its own acer (perhaps borrowing the cache).
so that i can do cached chains and use the nice properties
of this application model, but without having to write to the
main tree. this is how the main thread view will work.
everything will be statically rendered to a mast-like autism.
but those caches don't need to go in the main data tree
because they're just hyperspecific to a rendering state
that might not ever exist again. that cache should dump when
the http connection ends.

idea: multi-view programs
- a special kind of node that lives in a meta.
- it manages views below it
- it takes a subscription from a source and then
  emits a view-shape below.
- it allows programatic install/uninstall based
  on the state of another spot in the tree.
- this is what gets shipped as full experiences
- should these just be long-running threads?
  so that they can manage pokes too?1